finished-codepen: https://codepen.io/oddistoddist/pen/mdWpomR?editors=1100;
1. What is Semantic HTML? Not only presentation
    2. What is HTML used for? structure
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? additive info, goes within tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? title of page, 1
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata, style links,
    7. What is an id? naming attribute specific to one item
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 1
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?1 
    10. What is a class? naming attribute for many items
    11. What elements can I add a class to? infinite
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? infinite 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? anchor tags
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? accessibility/unabletoload
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? divs no special meaning sects generic container element defined by contents
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page element{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. the difference is many v. one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? parent > element. selecting specific h1 tags w/o classes
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar > a
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements with specific case
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /**\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm hard to recover
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? after every debug and large finished component
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    git clone, git checkout, git add, git commit, git push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

